today the siesta in Nestor piccone in the
Mouth neighborhood in the cultural center
dear elena I think it's called the
cultural center in these good nights
good night march 2 and added you
I add the greeting also to the cameras and
to the assistant director of the
mobile that accompanied us throughout
this year I tell you we are in a place
counterhegemonic one because there's a lot
people or the river and here you can see
that we are in the mouth and bosteros are
make present today was celebrated the day of
but today is presented is this
sort of book called mare and
granxa that is a team and arrived and the
we are waiting will come for
then for the other entry but now
I wanted to show you some things that came
to granxa that I did not finish the
understand but you can see here if what in
the presentation of the book to Luis d'elía
to peron to avoid a kirchner saying
I like that slash that I knew yesterday I do not know
if you can see it talking about the pit
that day of May 25 , 2003 and
carolina will show us something louis
especially for you to see carolina
what is that
this is a very minimal feature
so we are very happy very
happy to close this position
30- year-old mobile phones
programs here and we have a surprise
because at any moment he arrives blind
and in a car of superflow that you already
they are going to see that they believe what they have
announced its producers so in a
we'll see each other advice from idron cha very
well these many thanks in a
then we return as many
thank you now we're going to introduce ourselves to
compañero francisco noriega in the mouth
in Nestor Piccone and we have a surprise
baby is still following nhtsa
it's coming as the great moments
le October 17 November 17
year before when it arrived but even earlier
of 73 as on May 25 here is a
very strange Peronist party already
about in that transport mobile is
Nestor in a cell phone called Carolina
and a lot of expectation
Here is the take of the slice
controlled because we are in the neighborhood
from the mouth I am the day of mouth and
right now they have it with you
transportation in this gets off this
estanciera models thousand 956 the mare
troncha to see if you want to do some
ask also
I watched eating a choripán well
national and popular greeting because we are
with the camera is Luis d'elía hello
good night everyone surprised me
I put the first thing I found dream
half light
but good we're going to put you we're going to
put there for if they want to make you
ask the floor if you want you have
the choripán in charge boy takes
love
hi hello came to granxa but what
wonder
has wanted how will what presentation
spectacular is because you do not tell us a
sight to you good we are in the
presentation of the book
and good
this sorry and you drunk we are not in
the presentation of the book a lot of
people and good to be with
you and also the last program does not
be black please
thank you thank you for the toast
the end of the year it was graceful
tell us or tell the people the
granca look how I tell you this from your
presentation of his artistic proposal
del zayed the elche tell us how everything
that
we put together a book we are a collective
artistic
good a book that consists of 50 postcards
with the images of what we come
working two years ago we work
parody irony humor politics and eroticism
all that inside dulce de leche
we have to tell louis that this is a
phenomenon for the viewers that we
they are looking at social networks this
emerged from social networks and now it
install key with this kind of book
of the granxa mares that we have with
we here of the whole body too
lay for the applause of his audience
good greetings for all the people a
I thank you for being here
You're a rough all those who do the
Program
and good nothing but gratefulness and
I love you so much
and let many milk come if yes
because I am at zero I was left without plans
without anything already in the ruins I am a black
but they would be late do not know
how we are the Peronists do not be of
fat that does not end we do not leave a
big hug for the whole team
thank you thank you later the night
good night in these many
thanks for changes